Add deprecation notice (#35)
guardian/node-riffraff-artifact: README.md

# node-riffraff-artifact

**This project is DEPRECATED and you should use
https://github.com/guardian/actions-riff-raff/ instead. Note, if you are still

> using Teamcity you should stick with this project for now.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using Teamcity you should stick with this project, but we recommend migrating to Github Actions.**
```
